Add more query planner AST optimisation passes (#11971)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# (experimental) True to enable pruning dead code (eg. expressions that cannot
# produce any results) and simplifying expressions (eg. expressions that can be
# evaluated immediately) in queries.
# CLI flag: -query-frontend.prune-queries-toggle
[prune_queries_toggle: <boolean> | default = false]

> # (experimental) True to enable rewriting queries to optimise query execution by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (experimental) Set to true to enable rewriting queries to optimize query execution by
```

# copying matchers where relevant across binary expressions.
# CLI flag: -query-frontend.prune-queries-matcher-propagate
[prune_queries_matcher_propagate: <boolean> | default = false]

> # (experimental) True to enable rewriting histogram queries for a more efficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (experimental) Set to true to enable rewriting histogram queries for a more efficient
```
